Requirements:

    The above attachment describes the required sections of the report. Please read it thoroughly and follow it. Otherwise, the report will lose points.
    Please exactly follow the IEEE format when writing the final report. Reports that do not exactly follow the IEEE format are not accepted, i.e., the report will receive 0 points.
    References should be published in the last five years in IEEE/ACM journals or conferences. All references must be cited in the report. 

    Notice that just because a paper is included in IEEE Xplore does not make it an IEEE paper. Many non-IEEE or non-ACM conference proceedings are included in IEEE Xplore. So you need to look at the conference or journal names. If they are IEEE/ACM papers, the conference/journal names must have a prefix of ‘IEEE’ or 'ACM'.
    An individual report should be at least 6 pages. A team-based project report should be at least 8 pages.
    Team-project reports must include a separate page documenting each team member's major contributions. Team members should submit the same report with all names.
    A cover page is not required for the final report.
    Do not copy and paste any single sentence/figure/table from references, the Internet, ChatGPT, or any other sources. Should such a copy/paste be identified, the report will receive 0 points. 
    All reports must be submitted in PDF format.
    May 10 is the firm deadline; late submissions are not accepted.


Project Title (Bold, Font size 24)
Author names (Font size 9)
Department name, Institution name
Email addresses
Abstract -- The key components that should be included in the
abstract are the research problem, the importance and
challenges of the problem, the solution for solving the problem,
and the results and brief conclusions. The entire abstract should
be less than 1/5 page. The Font size is 9.
Index terms: 4-6 keywords to help people find your paper. The
Font size is 9.
I. INTRODUCTION (FONT SIZE 10)
This section introduces the research problem and the
background, importance, and challenges of the problem. For a
short paper like this project report, this section can also present
the related work and the main contributions.
At the end of the section, you need to outline how the rest of
the paper is organized. This will help readers to understand the
structure of the report.
This section should be one page. The Font size for this
section and the remaining report is 10.
II. PROBLEM STATEMENT
This section formally defines the research problem. In many
papers, this section defines the context or system model of the
problem. The language in this section should be concise,
accurate, and clear.
Do not beat around the bush without a focus; just clearly
define what exactly the problem you are solving in this paper.
Yes, just one problem you selected from the 800-Project-List.
Notice that survey papers are not accepted; Analyzing an
existing work is not accepted.
This section should be half a page to one page.
III. YOUR SOLUTION
This section presents your work. It could be a new model, a
new algorithm, a new architecture, a new design, a new protocol,
or a new system. Anything is new. The section title should
reflect your work.
When presenting your work, you also need to elaborate on
the rationale of the new design: why you think your
model/algorithm/architecture/design/protocol/system can solve
the problem, and even more importantly, why it performs better
than others. You may have multiple subsections.
A. Subsection 1
This is the most important section of the report. Please make
sure you describe the novel aspects of your new
model/algorithm/architecture/design/protocol such that people
can easily understand it and appreciate it.
B. Subsection 2
Section III should be 3-4 pages.
IV. NUMERICAL RESULTS AND ANALYSIS
This section provides numerical results to support your
model/algorithm/architecture/design/protocol in Section III.
A. Subsection 1
You may obtain the results through simulations, real-system
experiments, or theoretical analysis. Very often, people use
figures and/or tables to present numerical results.
Each figure/table must be explained thoroughly. Source code
should not be included in the report. Instead, please submit
them to your project advisor separately.
B. Subsection 2
Notice that you must provide all the details on how you
obtained the results. This section could be 2-3 pages.
V. CONCLUSION
This section summarizes the paper. Please do not copy and
paste the Abstract. This section could be just one big paragraph.
Notice that an individual-based project report should be at
least 6 pages, and a team-based project should be at least 8
pages.
REFERENCES
At least 6 (individual project) or 12 (team project) references
published in the last five years in IEEE/ACM journals or
conferences. Do not copy and paste anything from any
references or other public/private sources.
All references must be cited in the report.
Appendix (optional)
This document describes the main sections of the report. Please
follow the IEEE format for more details when writing the
report. Reports not following the IEEE format will not be
accepted.